>Years ago I had gone to school and took electronics.  Back then the computers were run with DOS so I had to learn DOS so I could use the computer.  That was the first time I had ever learned any programing.  This was easy for me to learn but I never saw it as programming and I still don’t but if you didn’t know the commands you were not going to go very far.  As time went on I had heard about C++ and HTML coding and wanted to understand what it was so I searched the internet and bought a few books.  I thought it would be fun to learn but raising four kids on my own was a big enough of a challenge and I needed to work.  I took some real estate classes after my husband died thinking maybe I could make more money selling real estate.   I found that that type of job to be a cut throat business…not for me.  I’m more of a problem solver or fixer so I went back to the real world.  

>Now that my children are grown and I don’t have to worry about feeding them, I have time to focus on what I want to do with the rest of my life.  I have always loved designing…but never thought of it that way…so I signed up for a graphic design associate degree program on line.  I am now in my second year.  My goal is to become a web designer or maybe a game designer.  The program in HTML and CSS will be in my forth year.  Understand I still work so this is something I do when I am not working.  I learn through books, video and surfing the web.  I love it and would rather not work and do this all the time.  I see ADA as a way to jump start my career today, not 2 more years from now.  I still plan to finish my classes but I would love to start now.  

>As for mistakes…we go through our lives making mistakes.  This is how we learn.  The bigger the mistake, the more we learn.  I have made many mistakes in my life and if I could go back with all the knowledge I have gained over the years, I would change a lot of things like not quitting school at 15 and getting my GED instead.  I always loved school and still love to learn, but I was angry with the school for making me take the same classes again that I had taken the year before in a different school.  I would have gone back to school and took one English course to change my Electronic certificate in to an Associate’s degree.  

>I have taught myself many things over the years.  If I need to track something at work, I would write databases in Access or simple formulas in excel to help me do a better job at work.  I never took classes; I just read a lot of books.  Windows 95 was a terrible computer platform.  My computer was always crashing so I had to learn to fix it, replace hardware when it broke and finally learned to build my own computer.  I would fix my appliances when they broke down.  I learned to use many different software programs and at work I had to learn what chemicals made up steel, aluminum, plastics and so on.  I needed to find a way to keep track of all these chemicals so I know the company is not breaking any government regulations.  I would rather be doing my school work.  

>I had no idea what github and markdown was until a couple days ago when my husband brought me the newspaper with an article about programming and asked if I would consider doing some programming.  Well, it fell into what I was already doing so I started surfing the Web when I found ADA Academy and that is how I got here today, hoping to get into your Academy because it fits into my five year plan.  
